Fix broken links (#973)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/online-payments/mobile-checkout/v3/personalization.en.md

In the `ServicePreference` class you can set up the URL and URI of your service together with a Map so that you can send the information you want.

> At the moment of posting the payment, the SDK will do it at your service, [creating the payment](https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/developers/en/reference/payments/_payments/post/) and performing the validations inherent to your business. The SDK will expect to receive a payment, according to the response of Mercado Pago service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment of posting the payment, the SDK will do it at your service, [creating the payment](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/payments/_payments/post/) and performing the validations inherent to your business. The SDK will expect to receive a payment, according to the response of Mercado Pago service.
```
